致广大ctfer们的一封信：

Dear Decision maker , We know you are interested in 
receiving hot info ! This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1619 ; Title 6 , Section 304 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 98 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed nobody 
is getting any younger & society seems to be moving 
faster and faster ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting 
time by 160% and use credit cards on your website ! 
You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the 
risk ! But don't believe us . Ms Ames of Wyoming tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
! We are licensed to operate in all states ! You will 
blame yourself forever if you don't order now ! Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Cybercitizen ; This letter was specially selected to 
be sent to you ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1625 , Title 3 ; Section 
309 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
57 weeks . Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it and how many people 
you know are on the Internet ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS plus deliver goods right 
to the customer's doorstep . The best thing about our 
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you . 
But don't believe us ! Ms Jones who resides in Montana 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 50% ! Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Salaryman 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! This is a one time mailing there is no need to 
request removal if you won't want any more . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 , 
Title 5 , Section 304 . This is not a get rich scheme 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 79 weeks ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger plus people are much more likely to BUY 
with a credit card than cash . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you process your 
orders within seconds plus deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us . Ms Anderson of North Carolina tried us 
and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We 
are licensed to operate in all states . Do not delay 
- order today . Sign up a friend and you get half off 
! Best regards . Dear Salaryman , Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our publication . We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1621 , Title 6 ; Section 301 ! This is a ligitimate 
business proposal . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich in 49 days ! Have you ever noticed 
people will do almost anything to avoid mailing their 
bills & people will do almost anything to avoid mailing 
their bills ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 160% & SELL MORE . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us ! Prof Simpson who resides in Kentucky tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing . Don't delay 
- order today . Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too . Cheers ! 
                                    希望你们好好生活的闻神